I got off Twitter. I'm not on Twitter as much, and I feel better for it.
Coward.
Wait, so you put your stream deck away. Why?
I'm sorry. Did you just change the subject? I was in the middle of pondering lots of things.
I moved my stream. Yeah, I got rid of my stream.
Yeah, I changed the subject from what I was in your head.
I was really stuck on like, what has happened the last week?
Okay, so I put away my stream deck. Yeah, it was just, it was kind of ugly.
I was taking some pictures in my office. Like, I'm in this newsletter,
workspaces. It's like your desk and your office and just like, what does your stuff look like?
So I had to put it away for that. I didn't want it on that. It just, they look awful.
They're really, really helpful. They're very practical, but they look like a gamer thing or
something. Yeah, I was going to ask, is there an alternative to, because I haven't bought one yet
for that reason. I'm like, this is like too much. So I think they may have come out with one Elgato,
make some, I think they may have come out with one that's white that looks a little better. There's
also a thing called a, I have one, loop deck. And it looks really cool. It's got dials on it and
stuff. It looks more like it's made more for like video editing and like creative professionals,
but it's just super buggy. Like software sucks. And it doesn't have as many buttons.
And so I stopped using it. You think it would be less buggy on Linux?
That's a joke. Maybe. Probably more buggy.
There's a chance. It probably just wouldn't work though. So I still can't believe you use Linux
like every day, just like you choose to do that. And I enjoy it and I love it and I have a good
time and I'm happy. Is it the same as like, I do, I love Neo them. Like I've, I've fully redpilled,
I'm very into like the tinkering and the playing with it. And I don't know, it's just fun.
Is Linux the same or is it more annoying? I haven't tinkered with my Linux setup in a very long time,
probably similar to how you haven't really tinkered with your Neo them in a very long time. Yeah,
once it's kind of settled. Yeah, it's just one of those things where I'm like, it's hard for me
to give perspective on it because I have just been using it for so long and I just know how.
Right. Right. Right. Ten years. We know. We know. Well, it's 10 years. It's been 10 years.
Our Linux 10 years, Neo them 10 years. CrossFit 10 years.
I've been plant-based for 10 years. So I hate that too. Like, I just hate being like,
no, I've done it for 10 years. Like, I'm not just, I didn't like change my entire lifestyle
for a decade just to tell you I'm a vegan. I'm a vegan, by the way.
Okay. That's the most annoying right thing we listed, the vegan thing.
I know it is. You see a picture of my, my stakes and my brisket.
What? No, when you did it when you knew I was offline, didn't you?
He felt me tag you in it. And I was like, Oh, really? No, I didn't. Maybe, maybe they didn't.
But no, this, uh, this Sunday, I'd, he made our first brisket ever. Didn't see it. It was very good.
And it was not vegan, by the way. I would guess not. Yeah. Vegan brisket sounds like
a science experiment. Nobody needs to do that. Just sounds like a bad idea.
Go Matt's a Linux thing. Yeah. I, uh, I don't know. It definitely is like that. I don't,
like I'm trying to imagine at this point. So I say, I'm imagining at this point where I'm like,
really comfortable with my OS, switching to something completely different, like learning
everything from ground up. Like I would never do that at this point. It's like, yeah,
would absolutely not do that. Uh, unless the upside was so high, so maybe you could see it that
way. But yeah, like I wouldn't, I can't switch to Mac OS now. Like it would just break so much
of my workflows. Be so frustrating. Yeah. I think like I believe you, but it's also very hard for me
to imagine like at this point, diving into Linux, when I'm just, I'm so used to using my Mac.
Yeah. Is it just like the older you get, the more you stuck in your ways? Is that same dynamic here?
Yeah, I think so, which is the thing I think we should all try to fight against, but it's just hard
to like stay productive. The more responsibilities you have, the less you can like experiment, which
is kind of what traps people in a lot of ways. Like knowing you, it's just like you do so much
with, uh, maybe you don't, or maybe I said about this point, I've made some of yours. I think you
just have some equipment that just won't work. Oh, right. Specifically your, your audio interface.
Like I just spent a lot of time like really like researching and figuring out the right
hardware to buy. Yeah. So everything's just like a little bit more work. Everything's like 10,
like 20% more work for everything you're trying to do. That's like not just using the OS, like
doing media stuff. But at this point, everything works. So yeah, I get the, the appeal, like,
the of them is more work, but it's just fun. It's a nice hobby. I'm enjoying it. Yeah. There's a lot
of stuff that actually does just work on Linux that people don't realize like, and I don't know
if this happens often, but like, if you need to run a Docker container, it's not this like whole
weird VM situation that you need to set up because everything is just native. So anytime you're doing
work on stuff that typically runs in a server, it just going to like work easier. Yeah, that makes
sense. People always run to run everything on Linux. Yeah, exactly. In the cloud. Yeah.
People always run to this thing where they like try to deploy something from their machine. It has
like a binary dependency, but NPM pulled in the Mac OS version, you need the Linux version. But
there's like a lot of like little things like that. And that's actually the initial reason why I
switched. I was just doing so much work in Linux on the server back when I had to think about servers.
And I was like, there's just a lack of synergy here where I'm just using a completely different
OS from a day to day. And if I just do one thing, I'm just going to be getting better all the time,
kind of the same mindset behind using TypeScript on the back end and the front end.
You just kind of start to get better. Yeah, okay, I'm glad you said that. I saw some tweets. Maybe
I saw your tweets. Do we really gain a lot from the same language on the back end and the front end?
Is it just that we gain knowledge or is there actual like sharing of stuff types, I guess? That's
what you just said. Yeah, well, there's, I think there's two layers to it. So for a long time,
I was skeptical because I didn't get into Node.js for a very long time. Like I used,
I went through like two whole lifetimes of using, since Node.js came out, I like did two
entirely different back end languages like for years before I finally came around the node.
And people would always argue like same language back in front of it. And I was like,
I don't really care about that. Like how hard is it to do to? And it's true. It's not that hard.
Like everyone, like tons of people do it. So many people do it and there's no problem.
But now that I switch, I have like something to compare to. And I do, I have gotten so good at
TypeScript. Like way better than I was at other languages, because I'm like basically doing it
twice as much as any other language I'm doing on both. That makes sense. That's one side,
like you do genuinely get better in the now and infrastructure as well. And the type sharing is
a big thing. Like I use it everywhere. So I did this massive, massive refactor yesterday,
ripping out Kaisley and swapping it with Drizzle. Like one of the last projects that I had that
was still that wasn't using Drizzle yet. And it took, there was like a hundred something errors
when I deleted Kaisley to see like where I need to update stuff. Yeah, expanding across back
end and front end, because the types were shared and things like that. And once I got through all
100 errors, I think it took me another 10 minutes of, okay, now let me actually try to run it to
get it all working. And that's because like stuff would just share it entirely end to end and any
breaking changes I made on the back end was immediately obvious on the front end. I typically
don't do breaking changes like that. But for some of this, I was fine with it. But yeah,
there's situations that I think about what it would have looked like in my previous setup.
And yeah, it would have been a lot more difficult. So yeah, there is a lot of benefit. And I do think
that it's, it's impossible for another language to like catch up to this part of it. But it is
possible for TypeScript to become better and know just to become better. So I'm more betting on,
yeah, like JavaScript ecosystem sucks. But I think it's easier to make that better than to like
catch up how these little languages catch up with these features.
Yeah, because the browser is always going to run JavaScript. So I guess there's that unless
everyone has to learn it. Yeah, like the WASM stuff. That's not JavaScript, right? You can just
write like, I don't know, C++ or something dumb. What do you do with WASM? Yeah, it's funny. Like,
I use a, I use WASM as like a weird test, what's it called? Not like a red flag because it's,
that's a little bit extreme. A Rorschach test? Is that what you're going for?
That's a good signal. Because I always hear people say very confidently,
oh, like the future is looking more and more like it's going to be WASM or like something like that.
Whenever I hear someone say that, I know that they've never, they don't know what the hell they're
talking about. Because this has been, this has been a thing that people have been saying
forever. And it just feels like a thing that's going to happen. But it's been years and years
and years and years and years. And like, WASM has like great use cases. But like,
to say that, oh yeah, like all sort of this stuff is going to run in WASM on the back end and
WASM on my front end. It's like, it's just something that people say. I don't, I think very,
yeah, yeah. Figma though, is a great example of what WASM enables, like delivering a desktop quality
app through the web. Like it would not have been possible without it. But yeah, yeah, I don't think
people are going to like not write JavaScript and just accept like the complexity of WASM.
Like there is that like Rust Leptos, which is like slaw.js, but for Rust and then.
Oh right. Yeah, it was very cool. And I'm sure there's some companies and people that'll build
stuff with it. But it's just like a, I don't know, I don't think it's made to like remove
JavaScript is I think it's made so they can chip high performance stuff when you need to.
Yeah, for special use cases. I guess the TypeScript thing, I just whenever everybody is so like,
like in unison, praising a thing, it's like TypeScript, Type Safety, everything's TypeScript.
I just, I don't know, I just want to like be like, no, I don't want to use TypeScript.
Is that your perception of everyone in unison? It's like a month.
Yeah, I feel it. I mean, I feel like the Twitter, at least on Twitter, I mean, the circles we're in.
I do not feel that way at all, even in our circle. Oh, really?
No, I was thinking about this the other day. I was like, I'm just going to have like a much
spicier take on this. Because I was thinking the other day, because I don't feel that way. I feel
like, I feel this accepted status quo is everyone agrees JavaScript sucks. Everyone's
like, TypeScript is a horrible language, or like, it's all a complicated, or like, it sucks.
I was really thinking about it. I'm like, no, you guys suck, honestly. Like,
if I look at my TypeScript code, like less on like the SST side and more on the actual application
I built, it is very good. It is like very good code where, like I said, that this big refactor
I did stuff, you know, I've been able to pull off stuff I've never been able to pull off in other
languages. Like, if honestly, at this point, you're saying that TypeScript is a shitty language,
or whatever, like, I just think you maybe suck because I don't feel that way about any of the
language. Wait, wait, wait. Didn't you say JavaScript? I thought you were talking about JavaScript sucks.
But you're saying people also say, Oh, the type system sucks. That's crazy.
Where have I been on the internet that you are not?
There's if you see, look, you can see in the chat TypeScript type system being
turned complete is horrible. So there's like this mindset around. Oh, the type stuff. Yeah.
Okay. I said stuff about how well, they're just like, you can't read it. Like,
is it readable for you? Have you done enough TypeScript that you can look at these crazy generics
and be like, Oh, of course, this one does this. I mean, I'm very comfortable with it. Now it did
take a lot of writing that stuff to do it. It definitely is. Okay, I someone put it
well the other day. You can't say it sucks because it is extremely powerful. It is a very
extremely powerful type system and maybe too powerful for where people's expectations are.
You can't really say it sucks because I don't know anyone that can write that stuff that also
says it sucks. Right. So for me, yeah, I am down to say that something sucks if I'm talking to someone
that has become an expert in it and like and hates it. So for me, like when I complain about go,
I wrote I wrote go for five or four or five years. Like, I appreciate a lot of it. I don't like a
lot of it. Even same with types of those parts that I don't like. But I think there is this like
underlying thing because people reflexively say like, types types of some is a mess or like,
it's great, whatever. And it comes from two sides. One side, it comes from what you're talking
about where people with a crazy generics know, like, what the hell is this is alien code, which,
you know, I get why people feel that way. The other side are like the functional programming
people that are like, oh, you know, it's something like, like, oh, camel has a much better type of
system, which it does. That's true. It does have a much better type system. But TypeScript is just
his own thing in terms of his type system. And you can just do so many powerful things with it.
And it's either that you know how to take advantage of it, or you don't. People just want to like,
put caveats to it that I think are just, I thought people reflect reflexively add caveats to it without
everything about it. And again, I think I was saying all the same stuff. And I was just thinking
last week, like, you know what, no, it doesn't actually like suck as bad as we all reflexively say.
Yeah, I guess like, I don't think it sucks. I think it's weird to me how many people are learning
these advanced generic, I don't know, maybe it's the bubble we're in. If there's 100 people
that write TypeScript, how many do you think should know how to write these crazy generics and read
them? In my opinion, all of them.
Really?
Because so here's the thing. There's like, the traditional thinking is, it's for library authors.
And which that's why I really learned how to write this stuff well, because I'm a library author.
And that gives, that lets you deliver these really great libraries with the end users that
does not think about typing. But within your own application, you also have layers like that,
right? You have lower level APIs that are low, lower code, and you want to expose higher level
APIs for your domain, whatever it is. And I do take advantage of a lot of that for modeling
some more complex things in some of my code bases. If you look at the new SST console,
I do some very interesting things with, we're going to show different types of resources and
each resource of different types of properties. And I do like really complex generics to make sure
that it's inferred all the way from, not just the back end, it's inferred all the way from the SST
contracts code base, through to our back end, through to the front end.
So it does come in handy. And it does allow these like crazy refactors to happen without
any breakage at all. So I'm not saying you have to learn it, but I also don't feel like-
So it's useful for you, but it is useful. I didn't learn it for that purpose,
but now that I have this skill, I'm just going to use it everywhere.
Okay. Type challenges it is. I'm going to do them, I guess.
You talk me. So here's the other thing. I know people have taken Matt Pocow's course,
and I say it's very good at teaching this stuff. I'm really impressed by that review,
because once I got comfortable with this stuff, I was like, I have no idea to teach this.
I don't even know how I learned it in the first place. I can't really explain what I'm doing,
really, like, because I might just not know it well enough to like extract patterns and articulate
them. But yeah, for me, it's such like a feel thing that I'm like, how do you ever teach this
to anyone? It's like you have to try to do so many practical things where you like understand
what's possible. Ooh, I'll take his course. I don't need type challenges. That's what I'll do.
I'm so curious. I've heard such good things, like the format, the way it's presented.
And okay, so I want to talk about this. I want to talk about like developer education
and courses. And so there's sort of like, I wouldn't call it a debate, but there are like
vocal parties on both sides of this. Like one group says like, any developers teaching other
developers, it's just a cash grab and it's a grifters and it's a scam. Or like, that's just a shady
practice. You shouldn't be teaching or selling teaching materials to other developers. But like,
that's just a signal that that person's in it for the money or whatever. And then other people that
know that's the best way to teach other developers is to learn from a developer.
And I think of like Joel Hooks, who's he's like sort of shepherded the Matt POCOT course. Like he's
part of that production, right? And they do a really good job of marketing the thing. I haven't
taken the course yet. But I guess it seems to me like some of the best educational resources out
there are made by other developers. Do you agree with that? Do you think it's is there like a
heuristic, a way to know this is a good resource and this is not? I've never taken a course.
And I guess I haven't either. Yeah. So I believe, I mean, I think it's the same as everything else.
I think in every field in a matter of small, the number of people making these courses is
probably small. But even despite that, I imagine 90% of them suck and 10% of them are good.
So that would be my guess. That's a very boring answer, Dax. If I'm being honest,
I don't know if you could be a little more spicy. Say something more fun.
Well, do people, I don't. Okay, I'll attack the other side of it. Why are people complaining
about everything? Why is everyone so focused on it? Why are they? I don't know.
I got off Twitter. I'm not on Twitter as much. And I feel better for it.
Coward. You just complained about it. I'm a coward. No, I'm just protecting my mental health.
That's what that's what I get to say. But if you leave, then that's just one less person.
What? One less person, what? Then there's just one less person that's not negative on Twitter.
I am negative on Twitter. What are you talking about? I'm one of the most negative.
That's true. I mean, yeah. They eat good that you eat.
Again, my mental health. I didn't know. It's best for everybody that I just stay off of Twitter.
Yeah. I'm still on there. I just don't read it as much.
Okay. Well, okay. I was going to say, like, yeah, I know what people are talking about.
There's like these bullshit courses that just seem like, I don't know, just garbage.
But one, I can't believe. It's just thing.
No matter how stupid something is, it's just going to always be someone that pays for it.
Like we all still get junk mail to our mailbox.
What is the deal with that? How do they get our addresses?
Is that not like a legal or something?
Here's a really stupid circular thing, right?
The post office is a entity that doesn't make money because it's like a public service, right?
So it's always losing money. So they're like, okay, to lose less money,
let's charge people to send junk mail. It's a good source of their revenue.
But they're providing a subsidized service. So even when they're charging the junk mail
sender for the mail, it's at a price that's already subsidized.
And if it wasn't subsidized, it would just not be profitable for the junk mail senders
to be sending it. So it's like this weird circular thing where the only reason it's all profitable
is because the post office doesn't have to make a profit, but they kind of try to make a profit
halfway with the whole world. But the only reason this all works is because some amount of people,
there's some ROI on that, I imagine, to some junk mail.
Yeah, it's like I always see some of this stuff. There's always going to be some percentage of
people. And it sucks. And I guess people are kind of like getting scammed in a way. But
yeah, I don't really know. I don't know that it's weird to me that people let that
taint the whole concept, even though I'm not someone that's ever taken a course, I'm like,
yeah, I like look at some of the stuff like Matt POCOC looks like really well done. And like
people seem to have a really great experience with it. And who's that other guy, the CSS guy?
Josh Komo, Josh. Yeah, yeah, exactly him. I never pronounced the last time out loud and I realized,
well, I've always said, like, Komiye or something.
I heard somebody at Rinder saying Komi, he was at Rinder. So was Joel. Yeah, I feel like,
I don't know, I've definitely danced around the idea of creating educational stuff with this idea
that like, maybe I would just really enjoy teaching. I know I enjoy teaching like my boys,
young children. I love like explaining difficult things to them. And then like,
they don't care and they walk away. But I'm like, oh, I need more of that. I need to do that more.
So I think about that. I think about like, what I just really love making educational stuff. But
I've never, I've always like avoided doing that first like tutorial or whatever, like I've not made
a video that's like, I'm going to teach a concept, which is not done it.
Do you think you would enjoy it? Because the process of you doing it with your kids is very
different than putting out a video, which is a lot more like one directional, because I feel the same
way. Like when I explain stuff to people in real life and I'm interacting with them, like, I love it.
But I don't think I get that same feeling just publishing educational stuff.
No, I think the first step would not be like a YouTube video. The first step would be like,
I'd try and do a workshop. And I think that's what Joel talks about. Like you start with a workshop.
If people buy the tickets, it's worth your time. If they don't, you refund anybody that did.
Like if you don't get enough people interested, kind of like tells you as their interests in making
this thing, like do enough people care to hear what you have to say about that topic. Anyway,
that's what I would do. I would do a workshop. I don't know how many people you do a workshop
were like 20, but there's some interactive bit involved there. And you kind of learn like what
people struggle with and where you can really be helpful. And then that helps you eventually,
you just keep doing those and you roll it into a course, I think. I think that's how Matt did it
with the TypeScript stuff. Interesting. Oh, he did workshops. I don't know that. Oh, yeah. Yeah, they all
sold out. They made a ton of money on workshops or before they ever really like put time into the
course, I think. I say a ton of money. I don't know. I had no idea. Just like that's the formula.
You start there and you kind of like learn what people don't know and what they need to understand
better. And then you practice teaching the material and then you turn into like a self-paced thing.
Like what percentage, like what percent are you interested in this? Are you like 80% going to do this?
Are you? I think I'm about one percent interested in 100 different things. I think that's my problem
in life. I'm like, there's like 10 different things at any given moment that I'm like,
oh, I should do this. What is that? What's wrong with my brain? Is it like,
is this the thing that the internet has been to me, Dax? Can I blame someone? I feel like I have
no follow through anymore. I don't know if I did early in my career, but I definitely don't now.
I think it's just a problem of optionality. You just have a ton of options.
A ton of options. That's the problem. This is kind of what's going to happen.
So how do you remove some options to make life easier? You just got to commit to something?
I don't know. I feel like at least for me, I'm like committed to enough stuff that I still get
ideas for other things, but they're like, don't really pull me. Okay, okay, here's the other thing.
The stuff that I am committed to has gotten past a certain point where it's like,
it's not as I'm not like pushing something. I'm not like making something out of nothing
anymore. It's like already something and I'm like building on top of it. So like this podcast.
Yeah, exactly. 29 episodes. Yeah. I mean, we're in it now. Yeah. I am committed to this.
There's this is like, there's a few things that I've followed through on. Yeah. And I keep doing,
not streaming, but this podcast, this podcast, keep doing it. Yeah. So I'd be for me. I don't know.
Maybe do you have like how many things you feel committed to maybe have more kids? I don't know.
Have more kids. Oh, geez. I don't know. A handful. I feel like a handful of things that I'm definitely
committed to. And then a whole lot of things that I'm in and out of. Is that normal? Is that the kind
of like range you were expecting? I feel like it's the same for me, but in and out, I feel like you
go more in than I like. So I also feel like I'm kind of vaguely toying with something always. Yeah.
But I feel like when you do it, you go a little bit further. So then going out feels more extreme.
I am like a I'm a sprinter. Have I told you this? Yeah. Yeah. I like going really hard
for short bursts of time. And then and it's so crazy. I've probably told you this like five times.
But it's like even with like physical activity, I can't like run two miles. No chance like never
going to happen. Okay, I ran a 5k once, but like probably never again. I'm not like somebody who
can mentally I think it's all mental. I just can't like sustain anything for very long from like,
I hate this. This sucks. I'm done. But like, give me sprints. Sure. Like, I love short bursts of
intense everything. So I don't know how to maximize like my impact on the world with that skill.
Because it feels very like the world is very oriented toward consistency and long-term
and endurance and stamina. And if you have those qualities, you're going to build great things
and go very far. And if you're a sprinter, it's just like, you just have a lot of like unfinished
work around you at all times, which Leonardo da Vinci. Sorry. Go ahead.
I don't cut you off right there.
Compare myself with you. Go ahead.
Well, it's funny because the isn't that I've heard someone talking about this because like
people didn't talk about the sprint versus the marathon thing. But yeah, the reality is for
literally everything it just both, you just have to sprint forever. Like it's kind of, I think,
oh, really? That's just what it is. Like, I don't know. It's like, I feel like everything I'm doing
always felt like a sprint. But it just feels like I get a little bit of a break every week,
but then once a week starts, like this sprint starts again. So yeah, people forgot for someone
said it in a funny way. But it's something like, like, yeah, like it's actually just,
you're just sprinting the whole marathon. And if you look at the best, have you seen people like
run like Olympic runners that like do quote unquote long distance? No. So if you look at someone that
runs like a 1600 meter race, their pace is the same. It's like better than my 400 meter pace.
So if I like run as fast as I can for 400 meters, they're doing that for all 1600.
For the whole mile. Yeah. So like stuff just becomes like those races that you think of as long
distance. Like if you zoom in, it's actually just a sprint the whole time.
Wow. You know, minds are the ultra ultra long distance stuff.
So I'm not special. I'm not going more intensely. I'm just flaky.
No, you might you might be going more intensely. But I think I don't like, I think the answer to
your question, sadly, is that you have to do both. I don't think there's, I don't think you can just
do that find like, like a way that that makes sense. Okay. I'm sorry if that is that a lot to hear.
It's not a lot. It's just, I still, I don't understand because I feel like if I win as hard as I go,
there's no way I could sustain it like for the rest of my life. And that's what I feel like you're
saying. Yeah. Maybe do to go a little bit less hard. I don't know what the answer is. But yeah,
I'm saying you might be going hard. I think you do definitely go harder than what most people
consider a sprint. But the big gaps between probably that I don't think can work out the big gaps.
What was that? Like, if you like sprint for a long time, if you sprint and then you take, then you
flip to a period of like not doing that. So like if I stream for three months and then I don't
stream for four months and then I come back and I stream for a month and then I don't stream ever
again. Would you say that that was a good strategy? Yeah, I don't know. I just like, I don't know how
that approach leads. I don't know. I just don't know. I haven't seen it. I feel like you're holding
something back. I feel like you got something really juicy to say to me, something that maybe
would hurt our friendship. And you just don't want to say I'm not holding anything back. I just don't
have a good way to articulate it. I just I don't know. It's just what I said. It's I think your
approach doesn't work. I guess it's as simple as that. That was it. Because I can't think of like a
way to like, okay, if you do this approach, but like in this way or in this play part of the world
or against this thing, like, I don't know. Yeah, it doesn't work. No, you're right. Because I when
I said and think about like, how can I take advantage of this skill of just like going really hard for
two weeks? It's like, no, plenty people go really hard for a lot more than two weeks. I'm not like
special for just like ignoring everything else in life for short periods of time. I just got to figure
out how to like maintain like a good, healthy interest in things that I take on without like
obsessing and neglecting my health and doing all the things I do. Because I just like, when I get
really into something, I won't exercise. I won't anything. I just like, I forget to eat. I mean,
you know what that's like. It's just very unhealthy. Can't do that stuff. But it's so hard to justify
when my mind is in that it's like you're going to bed thinking about it, you're waking up thinking
about it. It's so hard to justify spending any time doing anything else when it's like, I got
stuff to do. Yeah. But you know, you probably don't do that with your kids, right? It's time you spend
with them. I get impacted. Yeah. Oh, that sounded awful. Oh, no, no, no. I meant like, of course not.
No, I meant that like there is like a base level of stuff that doesn't like fault the wayside.
Oh, you're saying like, I still spit. Oh, I got you. Yeah. I thought you're saying like,
I don't focus on my kids like that. And I don't get very intense. I was like, oh, why would I do that?
No, the great point. Yeah. No, I do still like have my family in a relationship with them.
So yeah, I can't go as hard as I could in my 20s now that we've got kids, but I kind of feel
the same way. I feel like I like I use this. The thing you're describing, I would like I would work
in bed and I would fall asleep because it's 3 a.m. with my laptop on my chest. I wake up and just go
shoot at that door. Just like in the I just would not have left my bed for like hours.
Besides like go answer door to get the food delivery. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm obviously never going to go
to that degree again, but I can't say it wasn't. It was productive. I was also a lot stupider back
then. So I had to do those things. That's the other thing. Like you just get you just build more
leverage and you don't have to compensate for like you're going to experience with that like raw
like time anymore. So I think you might just maybe you're fully adapted to the fact that
you don't have to really operate the way you did when you were like, you know, younger. Yeah, maybe
you probably are just as effective without going that hard. I definitely sprinted pretty hard for
a couple years. Yeah. A few years when we started a startup that was that was a long sprint. But
yeah, I was dumber and I just had to throw time at every problem. Now I don't. That's what I'm trying
to convince myself. I still don't know if I believe you. I don't know if I actually feel smarter and
like I can do things faster anymore or now than I did. It's not even about doing things faster. It's
like you might have resources to like hire someone to do a thing they go done yourself or like, yeah,
you're not going to waste time doing a thing you know doesn't work because you've like wasted time
before. Yeah, why do we? Okay, this is totally jumping off the cliff. But why do we like make more
money the older we get? Why is it like just because we get older, we deserve more money?
I I have a whole rant about this. The way people think about income that I just feel like no one
understands it correctly. People are always like this this top this comes up a lot, right? People
come up with a role, right? They're like, oh, this role. Okay, let's say it's like DevRel
writing documentation. Yeah, and we all feel like that's important. DevRel is important
documentation is important. Everyone's like, that role deserves X dollars or like because we have
these warm feelings about it. It deserves, you know, it should be someone if you're hiring someone
with that role, you should pay the next amount. But I think people have this weird association
with their salary. Like someone has to like, there's like some kind of objective truth to what the
salary is and like, someone has to like gift that to you, someone has to give it to you and agree
to that truth and we have to agree that this is worth it. But it's just not how it works. It's like,
yeah, if you're on the other side of it and you're building a business and you're trying to like
invest your resources, you're like, what is the ROI I'm getting for this? Is this person going to
like, if I pay them a dollar, are they going to bring me back five? Like it's always about the
amount of demand and opportunity you can create. Yeah. And you can do that with literally any role.
But like, there's like no innate value, like number with the role. I think the reason people
think about this stuff is if you go work at a big tech company, they give you a packet or just
big any company that's like, here is your level, you are level six. If you do XYZ things, you will be
level seven and level sevens earn about a lot. So you just get this idea that there's like this
global framework for what people deserve given how many years they have or like,
I'm doing XYZ things therefore. So yeah, the thing you said reminded me of that because
it's not that you automatically make more money when you're older. It's that typically people that
have more experience and just create a way more opportunity for themselves just given the people
they know, the stuff that they can do, et cetera, et cetera. Yeah. I knew you were going to go there.
It's the opportunities. The older you get, the more experience, the more opportunities,
the more pay. You don't deserve more because you're older. You don't deserve more because
you're like, I've been working for 20 years. You deserve more because you like have created a
bunch of demand over those 20 years. Yeah. Anyway. So do you worry about like software development
as a field, like being in a bubble that we've been paid way too much and it's going to come
crashing down and we're all going to get paid like, I don't know, flight attendants. I have no idea
what people get paid. But there was definitely, I think I've spoken to that before, there was like
a year, it was like a year or two, maybe two years total where me and Liz collectively made like
like a stupid amount of money. There's like peak pandemic money everywhere situation. And I'm kind
of like, I don't know if we're ever going to like make that much money. So like doing literally what
we were doing back then. Yeah. Yeah. I think that that opportunity is not there anymore. I'm not
personally worried really that much. I mean, we're not exactly working like nine to fives like where
L seven salary ranges matter to us. Yeah, exactly. So I've always like found like weird ways to make
money. So I don't think that's yeah, if that's impacted, I'm just going to continue to find other
weird ways to make funny like like Jason is Jason Lancer was saying an interaction on Twitter. But
someone posted like, Oh, why isn't there like a software engineering reality show, which is something
we've talked about a bunch, right? Like just, yeah, these are so much drama be funny to have like,
like Netflix style documentaries with like some of these characters. Yeah, yeah. And Jason was like,
Oh, I have like, yeah, I always say is I have to go a bunch of shows that I've written and
are ready for production. I just need a company to sponsor it. And I'm like, that is so weird. And
like that no one, no one little kid was like, I want to be that when I grow up, right? Like, no,
nobody, there's no like instructions on how to go do that. That's just a weird way to make money.
And yeah, I don't know if it's going to work out, but if he does do it, like, yeah, he just
camp with his like super weird way to make money. So I feel like there's interesting.
Yeah, I'm gonna steal this from Liz. She said this the other day. And I've been trying to figure
out how to put into a tweet so I can see that from her. But she was like, the way she's perceiving
things is it's getting easier and easier for people that are geared towards like finding
weird ways to make money. Because like the tools are easier. Like there's more tools,
there's more opportunities. There's like, there's just doing something weird and finding your own
unique way of making money is like more possible than it ever has been. But the other side of that
of like not doing any of that is doing something like very traditional, that's getting harder.
So there's, I think there's a gap that's being created between one type of person,
another type of person. And that's where like the pain and conflict kind of is showing up.
Yeah, I've got, I mean, people close to me, and I live in the Ozarks. It's like,
not a lot of people doing what I do for a living, definitely close with people that
are feeling the pain of the current economy. I mean, just like the different paths.
And if you didn't take one 10 years ago, it's a, it's kind of bad right now.
Yeah. And even though there's like traditional paths that have been very reliable or like,
at least in the, the paths that people were told to go down the last five to 10 years are now,
people are like, okay, they're like not as lucrative anymore. And especially in tech,
at least, yeah, and I will see where it goes. But yeah, I think more than ever,
it's important to find your own like weird way of making money that nobody else really can do.
Yeah. And if you don't do that, dermatology, I just got back from the dermatologist,
I bet they had 50 employees in there. There were like four patients and probably like 50 people
behind desks. I'm not even kidding you. I have no idea what they're all doing.
I guess like dealing with insurance, maybe work for an insurance company. They seem to be doing okay.
Is that that maybe is a place in the Ozarks?
Yeah. This is huge like floor of this, one of the few tall buildings in the Ozarks.
And I cannot believe how many people work at this place. It was insane. They can't all be
dermatologists. They're all just like moving paper around, I guess. I don't know. I'm not trying to
like disparage them. It was just clearly a lot of opportunities in healthcare. We're all sick
and dying. We'll talk about that money in skin care for a predominantly white area.
Okay. Where did that come from? Why do we have to go into the racial tension?
I like making fun of white people because I feel like they have like a lot of skin issues.
Oh, yeah. It's like it's like the one area that we get sunburns. I don't know if you know this.
It's where your your skin gets red and burnt from the sun. It hurts.
Okay. Love you. Bye.
I've been waiting to do that all day. Like as soon as I retweet,
I've been just dying to do it. Okay. I'm gonna stop recording now.